As a doctor, I want to be able to write prescriptions for patients so that I can provide appropriate medication.
As a doctor, I want to be able to automatically transfer prescriptions to pharmacy information systems so that prescriptions can be processed efficiently.
As a patient, I want to be able to view prescriptions written by doctors so that I can use them as a reference when visiting a pharmacy.
As a pharmacist, I want to be able to view transferred prescriptions so that I know what medication patients need.
As a patient, I want to be able to edit my personal information online so that my information is up to date.
As a system administrator, I want all data to be stored in a central database so that discrepancies between departments are reduced.
As a system administrator, I want electronic medical records to be integrated with the management system so that patient medical information is digitally available.
As a doctor, I want to be able to view a patient’s medical history so that I can make informed medical decisions.
As a doctor, I want to be able to view a patient’s personal information so that I can correctly identify and treat the patient.
As a nurse, I want to be able to view a patient’s medical history so that I can support medical treatment.
As a nurse, I want to be able to view a patient’s personal information so that I can correctly identify patients.
As a nurse, I want to be able to record notes about patients so that patient care information is documented.
As a receptionist, I want to be able to view a patient’s electronic medical record so that I have the information needed to contact the patient.
As a receptionist, I want to be able to schedule appointments so that patient visits can be organized.
As a patient, I want to be able to schedule appointments online on a personal computer so that I can arrange visits conveniently.
As a doctor, I want mobile devices to be integrated with electronic medical records so that data collected on mobile devices is stored centrally.
As a patient, I want to be able to request new prescriptions through online appointment scheduling so that I can manage my medication remotely.
As a systems analyst, I want clinical data to be collected so that prescriptive and predictive analytics can be performed.
As a systems analyst, I want to have access to collected clinical data so that prescriptive and predictive analytics can be performed.
As a systems analyst, I want to be able to view bed occupancy data so that analytics can be performed on hospital capacity.
As a systems analyst, I want to be able to view room scheduling data so that analytics can be performed.
As a systems analyst, I want to be able to view employee schedules so that predictive analytics can be used to estimate staffing needs.
As a system administrator, I want all data viewed by systems analysts to be anonymized so that patient privacy is ensured.
As a system administrator, I want the system to comply with GDPR standards so that stored data is protected.
As a doctor, I want patients to be restricted from viewing information that is not intended for them so that security risks are minimized.
As a system administrator, I want to be able to restrict system components from being viewed by patients so that unauthorized access is prevented.
As a system administrator, I want to be able to grant different access levels to system users so that functionalities can be restricted appropriately.
As a patient, I want to be able to access the parts of my electronic medical record that the hospital allows so that I can view my medical information.
As a patient, I want to be able to view my test results once they are available so that I am informed about my health status.
As a patient, I want to be able to access and view my electronic medical record on a mobile device so that I can view my data anywhere.
As a patient, I want to be able to schedule appointments on a mobile device so that I can manage appointments conveniently.
As a patient, I want to be able to request new prescriptions on a mobile device so that I can manage my medication remotely.
As a patient, I want to be able to view prescriptions on a mobile device so that I can access them anywhere.
As a doctor, I want to be able to use the hospital management system on a mobile device so that I can access the system regardless of my location.
As a doctor, I want to have access to the same functionalities on a mobile device as on a personal computer so that my workflow is consistent.
As a systems analyst, I want appointment start and end times to be recorded so that the average appointment duration can be calculated.
As a system administrator, I want the management system to be accessible only to authorized users so that patient data is protected.
As a system administrator, I want the system to require users to log in to personal accounts so that access can be controlled.
As a doctor, I want data from old management systems to be migrated to the new system so that no medical data is lost.
As a nurse, I want data from old management systems to be migrated to the new system so that no medical data is lost.